List of things need to test:

Map showing markers of player(s)
    Backend gateway to add races/quests
        °°°A schema for quests
Teams
    A way to form temp. teams for quests
    Chat option for teams/squads
        squads can exchange or consolidate coins for questing

-The should be a quests menu with a list of available quests
    Each quest should have the following info (eventually) (-quick view, +expanded view)
        -name
        -when the quest will begin in mm/dd/yy (assuming the min # of teams sign up)
        -difficulty of the quest
        +the creator or creative lead
        -min and max number of teams
        -min and max team size
        +prize
        +a short description of the quest
        +a map showing the coverage

-Quest types
Participation in quests will either be free or cost tickets which can be bought with coins
    Headhunter - [Several] Small teams or single players (1 - 3)
        The object of the game is to collect bounties from other players.
        You collect their bounties by coming within a certain (small) distance to them.
        Players will know their mark and know which team is marking them.
        As the game progresses "power-ups" rain down over the area which will give
            a permanent bonus to the person, team, or teams that are standing in the area
            after an activation time.
            (the more players from the same team the stronger the power-up becomes)
            It will also be possible for more than 1 team to get a bonus from a power
            zone if they show up around the same time.
        Teams can always see their predator (who is hunting them)  as well as their mark.
        In certain circumstances they could have no or multiple marks. (eg. when performing poorly)
        In certain circumstances they could have no or multiple predators. (eg. when performing well)
        Once a team member gets a kill there will be a count down. In this time other teammates have a chance to
        kill even more members from the other team before they get a new mark.
        The more kills a team gets w/o being killed the more predators will be assigned to them.
        The more a team is killed without getting kills the more marks they will have.
        kills give +points, deaths give -points
        The team with the most points wins.
        =HH can be its own quest or part of a quest.
    Treasure Hunt - 1 to 10 player teams, with as many teams participating as they want when they want
        or with a designated start day and number of teams.
        The object of the game is to unlock clue after clue which will eventually lead to the final treasure
        All treasure hunts go on indefinitely or until a certain long period of time goes by.
        They are generally very difficult/challenging but with big rewards.
        TH that have drop-in rules will show the progress of the player that is closest to the treasure
            or the competition time of the first place team and players will have to decide themselves if its worth it to join
            in order to possibly surpass 1st place or get a secondary or tertiary prize.
        There will be a physical chest with a QR code inside that can be scanned and upon finding the chest
            awards will be shared.
        In TH any team that finds the chest will get something with 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th getting what could be
            considered a rea prize (1st being the best 4th being the simplest) and everyone else getting minimal XP (or something)
        Teams can take as long as they need stopping, resting, and restarting as they see fit.
        Standalone game
    Bootleg - several small teams of 2 to 5, participating on a given day from a given location
        Players must get to checkpoints before a set time, the last person to get to a checkpoint and anyone who doesnt make
        it to the checkpoint in time are eliminated.
        This goes on until only one team is left standing
        =Standalone game
    Race - several small teams of 2 to 5, participating on a given day from a given location
        Players have a series of checkpoints they have to get to. For each checkpoint a certain amount of points are
        awarded based on the order in which people reach the checkpoint.
        By the end of the last leg the team with the most points wins.
        2nd and 3rd also receive a prize of some kind.
        =When played as part of another quest only the team(s) in last are eliminated
    City Escape - several teams of 1 - 5

        =Can be a standalone game or played in a bigger quest or pair with HH



Things to implement eventually:
    Skill tree/nodes
        - skills that players can unlock as they level up as well as a unique skill.

        Unique Skill
        - when players open the skill tree for the first time they'll be asked a series of questions eg.:
            "Friendship is more important than wealth." (Agree Disagree)
            After answering these question they will receive a unique skill based on their
            answers. Each answer increases the chances of getting a specific skill
            (while skipping them will result in a random basic skill.)

            Examples of unique skills:
                Jeckel and Hide - One helpful skill during the day and a different tricky or dangerous skill at night
                Khajit - Has an option to sell skill points to players in chat for coins and/or cash (10% of which goes to us)
                Holy Angel - If the team HA is on would be eliminated they are spared once per quest. (all prizes are cut in half)
                Laughing Angel -
                Vengeful Spirit - If you are eliminated in the last round of play your team takes 10 percent of victory pot.
                Hacker - Active, Other players screens become fuzzy/blurry for a time
                Hologram - Active, spawn several copies of your marker on the world map


        Skill nodes
        - As players level up they will get skill points at every 5th level that they can use to activate skill nodes
            which are basic abilities that make the player more helpful/formidable/tricky/... and can be active or passive
            The highest level one can obtain is level 50 then they must "prestige" at which case they
            will be able to obtain a higher level.

            0 Prestige is where everyone starts. The skill nodes are only unlocked upon reaching level 5

            0 Prestige: Starting skill points(SSP) 0, Max Level(lvl) 50, Max Skill points(MSP) 10 + 5 max buyable points
            1 Prestige: SSP 5, lvl 75, 20 MSP + 10 MBP
            2 Prestige: SSP 10, lvl 100, 30 MSP + 15 MBP
            3 Prestige: SSP 15, lvl 125, 40 MSP + 20 MBP
            Final Prestige: SSP 20, lvl 125, 45 MSP + 25 MBP
            50% of skill points remain when you "prestige", but bought points are never lost

            examples of skills?

    Guilds - guilds allow for bigger groups of players that work together for the good of the guild
    They have different leadership requirements bases on the Guild tier/class.
    Guilds do not pay as individuals but as a guild, and get greater discounts depending on their class
    from the usual player rate.
    Guilds are recommended to go to a sponsorship model.
        Tiers/Classes - to advance the following member amount and leadership requirements must be met
            4th Class (Stone) Guild
                # of members: 7 - 125
                Leadership: 1 Guild Master
                            0-1 Admin
                            0-1 Guild Captain
                Discount:
            3rd Class (Bronze) Guild
                # of members: 120 - 250
                Leadership: 1 Guild Master
                            1 Admin
                            1-2 Guild Captain
                            1-4 Vice Captains
                Discount:
            2nd Class (Iron) Guild
                # of members: 240 - 500
                Leadership: 1 Guild Master
                            2 Admin
                            2-5 Guild Captain
                            2-10 Vice Captains
                Discount:
            1st Class (Golden) Guild
                # of members: 450+
                Leadership: at least 1 Guild Council/Board Member /150 members (up to five)
                            1 Admin /250 members up to 2
                            2-5 Guild Captain
                            2-10 Vice Captains
                Discount:

        Sponsors - Guilds can find their own sponsors or WE can sponsor them for a term of 1 - 2 years
        Sponsors can (contractually) require that their guild give them a certain percentage of prize money
        or whatever they think is necessary.
        Supporter Pools - Guilds can establish "pools" asking for people (friends, family, fans) to join
        These supporters can agree to pay a certain amount per month for a stake/share in awards which could mean rewards over
        a certain amount or any and all rewards received.
        Stake holders are paid every second quarter and receive a percentage of the portion paid to stake holders.
        (Eg. A guild, Vox Raptor, decides that 50% of all award earnings will go back to stake-holders. At the end of the second quarter
        the guild has earned 100,000 in rewards. Sally who supported the guild bc her son is a part it, gave the guild
        $1200 over the course of 6 months, which was 1% of the total income of the guild from their Supporter pool. The money the guild owes stake-holders
        comes to 50,000 and therefore sally is owed 1 percent of that, 5,000 dollars.)
        Guilds can have both Sponsors and Supporters. But the percentages owed to each group must add up to less
        than or equal to 100%.
        (Eg. A guild, Grass Raiment, has a sponsor that receives 40% of all awards and a supporter pool that receives
        35%. At the end of the 2nd Quarter they have earned $1,000,000 in awards. They give 400k to their sponsor,
        350k to their support pool (divided up appropriately) and they keep 250k for their guild)
        Guilds can have multiple sponsors but only 1 Support Pool
        Support Pools Can be managed by US, and WE can take a small percentage of each transaction.






